# CS360
- Briefly summarize the requirements and goals of the app you developed. What user needs was this app designed to address?
  - Goal of the app was to create an inventory management system. The user could login or create an account. Create, Read, Update, and Delete Items. This app was designed for small buisness owners, hobbyists, and warehouse staff.
- What screens and features were necessary to support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app? How did your UI designs keep users in mind? Why were your designs successful?
  - I needed a screen for login, grid home display, add item, and edit item. My edit item activity contained features for both querying the database, updating, and deleting.
  - My designs were focused to provide the user with a consistent dark theme. Each screen had appropriate padding and margins. The main layouts do not conflict with the top app bar or bottom bar. There is good contrast between background colors as well. The recycler view has cards within. This helps users easily view and scroll through their list of items. The Add and Edit buttons are rough FABs' that are pinned to the bottom right of the grid screen. I also have various toast messages to let the user know what is going on whenever they press a button.
- How did you approach the process of coding your app? What techniques or strategies did you use? How could those be applied in the future?
  - My process was gathering as much source code as possible. I looked at alot of example videos implementing a basic crud app. I also looked at listViews, recyclerViews, and tableViews. The login was difficult, as I needed to find a way to implement a local SQLite database, and access that database within intents. I also used stack overflow to look for common problems like my recyclerView not being updated. I think that in the future I might try to look for the new projects with lots of open source developer support and resources. I would also look at more documentation so that I can understand better how to implement things.
- How did you test to ensure your code was functional? Why is this process important and what did it reveal?
  - I consistently tested my database to ensure that the project was working. I could gain access to the local database within the android emulators' files. I also got a barebones database working, that way I could ensure that my basic insert and get functions were working. I also implemented a getItems method and displayed that to the grid. I did this so that I could still work on further logic while viewing the current database. I also closed and restarted the app to ensure that the data was saving properly.
  - This process is crucial to solving problems early. I have used MySQL Workbench and Postman in the past to run my databases and view the changes that I made. It is important to consistenty test your code and ensure that you have the right implementation in mind. 
- Considering the full app design and development process, from initial planning to finalization, where did you have to innovate to overcome a challenge?
  - Actually coding the logic of the app was challenging. Not only did I have to choose an appropriate database schema and tables, but I also had to figure out how to connect my data both from and to the frontend activities. This included revising my previous UI designs. 
- In what specific component from your mobile app were you particularly successful in demonstrating your knowledge, skills, and experience?
  - I liked how I implemented the Get, Update, and Delete features. In hindsight, I should have created a unique key_ID for each Item and used that for referencing. Even so, I working around to problem to design an Edit Layout and Activity that would allow me to still modify items in the database. 
